README.md, before:

stratum-mining-proxy
====================

Application providing bridge between old HTTP/getwork protocol and Stratum mining protocol
as described here: http://mining.bitcoin.cz/stratum-mining.

Installation on Windows
-----------------------

1. Download official Windows binaries (EXE) from https://mining.bitcoin.cz/media/download/mining_proxy.exe
2. Open downloaded file. It will open console window. Using default settings, proxy connects to Slush's pool interface
3. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.exe --help" in console window.

Installation on Linux
---------------------

1. Download TGZ file from https://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy/tarball/master
2. Unpack it by typing "tar xf slush0-stratum-mining_proxy*.tar.gz"
3. Most likely you already have Python installed on your system. Otherwise install it by "sudo apt-get install python-dev"
(on Ubuntu and Debian).
3. Type "sudo python setup.py install" in the unpacked directory.
4. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings,
proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
5. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.py --help".

Installation on Mac
-------------------
1. Download TGZ file from https://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy/tarball/master
2. Unpack it by typing "tar xf slush0-stratum-mining_proxy*.tar.gz"
3. On Mac OS X you already have Python installed on your system, but you lack the llvm-gcc-4.2 binary required to run the setup.py file, so:
3. a) If you don't want to install Xcode, get gcc here: https://github.com/kennethreitz/osx-gcc-installer
3. b) OR download Xcode (free) from the App Store, Open it up (it's in your applications folder) and go to preferences, to the downloads section and download/install the 'command line tools'. This will install llvm-gc-4.2.
4. Type "sudo python setup.py install" in the unpacked directory from step 2.
5. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings, proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
6. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.py --help".

N.B. Once Apple releases Xcode 4.7 they will remove the optional install of gcc (they want you to use clang). When that happens you can either choose not to upgrade, or return to the aforementioned https://github.com/kennethreitz/osx-gcc-installer and download the specific gcc binary for your version of Mac OS.

Installation on Linux using Git
-------------------------------
This is advanced option for experienced users, but give you the easiest way for updating the proxy.

1. git clone git://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy.git
2. cd stratum-mining-proxy
3. sudo apt-get install python-dev # Development package of Python are necessary
4. sudo python distribute_setup.py # This will upgrade setuptools package
5. sudo python setup.py develop # This will install required dependencies (namely Twisted and Stratum libraries),
but don't install the package into the system.
6. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings,
proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
7. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "./mining_proxy.py --help".
8. If you want to update the proxy, type "git pull" in the package directory.

Compiling midstate C extension
------------------------------
For some really big operations using getwork interface of this proxy, you'll find
useful "midstatec" C extension, which significantly speeds up midstate calculations
(yes, plain python implementation is *so* slow). For enabling this extension,
just type "make" in midstatec directory. Proxy will auto-detect compiled extension
on next startup.

Contact
-------

This proxy is provided by Slush's mining pool at http://mining.bitcoin.cz. You can contact the author
by email info(at)bitcoin.cz or by IRC on irc.freenode.net in channel #stratum.

Commit message:

Modified readme to say what we use it for, jobs now logs nicely for parsing, added gitignore, added forever startup script

README.md, after:

This converts the statum mining protocol into getworks for leaf.

To start:
    $ forever start run-proxy-forever.js

Confirm that it is running by:
    $ forever list
or
    $ cd logs
    $ tail -f forever.log


Slush's README.md:

stratum-mining-proxy
====================

Application providing bridge between old HTTP/getwork protocol and Stratum mining protocol
as described here: http://mining.bitcoin.cz/stratum-mining.

Installation on Windows
-----------------------

1. Download official Windows binaries (EXE) from https://mining.bitcoin.cz/media/download/mining_proxy.exe
2. Open downloaded file. It will open console window. Using default settings, proxy connects to Slush's pool interface
3. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.exe --help" in console window.

Installation on Linux
---------------------

1. Download TGZ file from https://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy/tarball/master
2. Unpack it by typing "tar xf slush0-stratum-mining_proxy*.tar.gz"
3. Most likely you already have Python installed on your system. Otherwise install it by "sudo apt-get install python-dev"
(on Ubuntu and Debian).
3. Type "sudo python setup.py install" in the unpacked directory.
4. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings,
proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
5. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.py --help".

Installation on Mac
-------------------
1. Download TGZ file from https://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy/tarball/master
2. Unpack it by typing "tar xf slush0-stratum-mining_proxy*.tar.gz"
3. On Mac OS X you already have Python installed on your system, but you lack the llvm-gcc-4.2 binary required to run the setup.py file, so:
3. a) If you don't want to install Xcode, get gcc here: https://github.com/kennethreitz/osx-gcc-installer
3. b) OR download Xcode (free) from the App Store, Open it up (it's in your applications folder) and go to preferences, to the downloads section and download/install the 'command line tools'. This will install llvm-gc-4.2.
4. Type "sudo python setup.py install" in the unpacked directory from step 2.
5. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings, proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
6. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "mining_proxy.py --help".

N.B. Once Apple releases Xcode 4.7 they will remove the optional install of gcc (they want you to use clang). When that happens you can either choose not to upgrade, or return to the aforementioned https://github.com/kennethreitz/osx-gcc-installer and download the specific gcc binary for your version of Mac OS.

Installation on Linux using Git
-------------------------------
This is advanced option for experienced users, but give you the easiest way for updating the proxy.

1. git clone git://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy.git
2. cd stratum-mining-proxy
3. sudo apt-get install python-dev # Development package of Python are necessary
4. sudo python distribute_setup.py # This will upgrade setuptools package
5. sudo python setup.py develop # This will install required dependencies (namely Twisted and Stratum libraries),
but don't install the package into the system.
6. You can start the proxy by typing "./mining_proxy.py" in the terminal window. Using default settings,
proxy connects to Slush's pool interface.
7. If you want to connect to another pool or change other proxy settings, type "./mining_proxy.py --help".
8. If you want to update the proxy, type "git pull" in the package directory.

Compiling midstate C extension
------------------------------
For some really big operations using getwork interface of this proxy, you'll find
useful "midstatec" C extension, which significantly speeds up midstate calculations
(yes, plain python implementation is *so* slow). For enabling this extension,
just type "make" in midstatec directory. Proxy will auto-detect compiled extension
on next startup.

Contact
-------

This proxy is provided by Slush's mining pool at http://mining.bitcoin.cz. You can contact the author
by email info(at)bitcoin.cz or by IRC on irc.freenode.net in channel #stratum.
